12/3/23
Hello World, PING 
This is a start.
This is the first message used to build the simple blog file
---12/3/23
Good day, PONG
Need something to demo?
And this is the second message needed to show that we can indeed parse...
---12/4/23
Start of Day Two
templates and rendering
Day one was kinda slow, but most of it was building the idea that I want to implement today, I think I will be able to execute quick with this.
---12/4/23
Wowowow
gotta deal with the cat
Okay I kinda mindfucked myself a little bit here, if I can get out of this knot I invented something epic
---12/4/23
Booyah!
VIP Established
I took this way farther than I expected today, I created a new object called dynaElement that can take in a generic object and a generic template and return a document fragment that has all of it's values bound. how cool!!!
---12/5/23
Putting a Bow on it
How well can we scale our design?
Going to bed last night my mind was so focused on the idea of createing a 'dynTemplate' style page that is able to accept a series of data elements, and html templates and can exert more control how dynElements are rendered. I think I can build off of what was made before to get that working within an evening.
---12/5/23
oops.
cringe.
Sometimes I code the most stupid things without realizing what I am doing. I focus too much on creating setters and getters I realize I'm not actally doing anything lol.
---12/5/23
Salvage
puttin 2 n 2 2getha
Okay yeah things got kinda weird for a moemnt, they still are, but I've been able to expand my conept a bit, made a lot less progress 2nite, don't really have anything to show. BUT I have a lot of gold nuggets I just need to parse out from this
---12/6/23
Siri Shortcut Posting
Hell yes
I need to refine this more, but i can post kinda quickly from my phone.
---12/6/23
Siri Shortcuts!
Keep it local
I have a Siri shortcut that I can trigger with my iPhone’s action button. It throws up input UI for the blog entries and copy’s a blog to my keyboard I bet I can get even more clever with this…
---12/6/23
Hehe
I love this 
So raaaaad
---12/6/23
UNLV
Crazy
This one feels a bit more close to home, for obvious reasons. It’s all so senseless.

---12/6/23
Hey Aus
Look at this!
All automatic, took my doing time tonight to get this shortcut polished

---12/7/23
Dealership day
What to do
I’m getting pressured to buy out my old lease, need to figure out if/how I can haggle the price down

---12/7/23
Mmm ice cream
Long day
I had one big thing I needed to do today, but had three mini things and one medium thing so I didn’t really have that much time for my main thing. I’d say I’m at like 50% I just hope that most of the heavy lifting happened today rather than tmrw. Idk if I will work on the templates 2nite :(

---12/9/23
Gaming
We go hard
Another long day of BS. Good news is that I did the conversion, which involved a lot more messing around with code than I thought previously.  I think I also did 70% of the hard work for converting things over to being fully parallelized 

---12/9/23
Progress…
Async hell holes
Back on the progress train! So the good news is that despite the lag in returning to work, I remembered more than I thought I would. The bad news is that while I did indeed write some kind of code before, a lot of it was disjointed and it took most of the day to get to a point where objects have been able to chain and initialize each other. I’m now running into some standard JS async stuff. Since everything on the page needs to be fetched, there are a lot of items that need to load their contents, for other items to load their own. THEN the main page has to place everything. I think I need to throw in some callbacks and make it so my classes don’t initialize themselves? 

---12/10/23
Containers!
We getting meta 
Okay, so I know that there is a way where this can be back ported to the ‘dynElement’ object, but we have a simple enough templating system in the works.  So the new flow is the following dynContainer->dynObject(blogData),dynObject(blogHtml),dynObject(containerHtml). The ‘dynObjects’ handle all the fetching of our information, then the container combines the blog information into ‘dynElements’ which are then placed within the ‘dynContainer’’s template. So kinda meta? 

---12/10/23
Dad Demo
Demo demo demo
It’s fun showing ppl stuff. Especially when it is a whole new world. 

---12/13/23
We are coding today
I’m gonna do it
I stg I did enough non personal project shit, I’m gonna clack some keys today

---12/14/23
Test title
Look at this
Hi this is a try 

---12/15/23
Daily work
The grind
I keep on wanting to do other things than code for work, but so late in this release cycle I just see more and more things that can be polished. All my efforts have been getting dumped into that hard core 😓

---12/16/23
Brooklyn bowl!
Being social and shit
Gonna see an actual concert soon, kinda rare I think the last time was def over a year ago. Obvi festivals don’t count. Should be hyped, if my back can withstand all the waiting around haha

---12/25/23
Merry Christmas🎄
Wrapping up the year, unwrapping gifts.
I think it’s fair to say that the defining metric of this year has been stress. Life stresses, work stresses, maybe even personal stresses. I have been able to learn so much, kinda been  forced too. There are a lot of things that I wish I could have better executed, but at the end of the day I am no worse for wear, and I’ve gained a whole lot of experience. I guess that’s what life kinda starts to cycle into. I kinda hope not though haha. I’ll leave that judgement for when I am older. These past few days have been the first where I have not been driving myself off a cliff each week writing code and cleaning things up for work. I’m actually kinda impressed that I managed to crank out this site at all. It’s funny but despite all that effort the best thing about it is not what I made on my own, but being able to post from my iPhone with its' action button. I would have only ever written like three ‘blogs’ otherwise. I’m not out of the woods yet for work, and afterwards I hope to burn some vacation days and give myself a bit of a break, but I really do want to expand this site. I like having it. I feel that so much of me is online, but much like life so much of the spaces I do exist in are places that are not my own. Kind of like renting. I want to own a home. I’m still stuck in the system, but at least I can say that I own something in it. I hope everyone takes the time to reflect on what they learned this year, and take those notes with them. Best of luck!

---1/12/24
Snowboarding!
First snow of the season 
Finally hitting the snow, I have been super looking forward to flying down a mountain again! Hopefully I can cram a bit more in before the spring.

---1/16/24
Tinkering 
The projects keep marching on
I think I am on a bit of a roll with the ‘next step’ of the dynamic page JS stuff. The idea is similar, but hopefully better executed. Also the Apple Vision Pro pre order date has me thinking some big thoughts on how the future might shake out, and especially Meta. I’ve been playing hand off on these items. Hopefully tomorrow I can give both a bit more attention. 

---1/19/24
Vision Pro Day Zero
A Big Day!
This is probably the hardest I’ve ever simped. I’m planning a vacation along side this preorder and even with all my might I don’t think I’ll be able to beat that order price. Insane! 

---1/21/24
Go Wolfe Glick!
A fun little hobby
I’ve gotten more into doubles competitive Pokémon in the past two years, there is a lot to dig into as far as strategy and the Roshambo-ness of all the typing match ups. Throw in a really good gimmick feature for this generation, it has lead to an excellent variety of play. On top of that seeing a meta that can evolve so quickly from game to game drives a lot of attention between a fairly frequent regional championship cycle. I’d say this is the most invested in a game I’ve ever been in without even touching it! Today was the biggest regional competition by player count ever, and my favorite YouTuber almost did a clean sweep through the competition. Always fulfilling! Even if it is the equivalent of rooting for Tom Brady, or LeBron James lmao.

---1/30/24
The “Android” of Anything…
What low goals to aspire for.
Meta is making some waves in the VR community based on their self description of being the android VR headsets. From a strict sense I suppose that’s true, their quest platform is built off of android, their applications are APKs and their future is tied to the work that Google puts out. Which makes their positioning all the more curious.If anyone is going to be the Android of something surely it would be Google not someone copying their homework, right? Ignoring that though, what a sad fate to allow yourself to fall into! Meta had years of advance notice to build the Quest platform. The best they could muster is second fiddle, before any true competition, and they seem to be proud of it?! The fact that there is no native VR version of Instagram or it’s Reels product blows my mind.  I think this goes to show if anything, the mind games that Apple is still able to get others to jump though.I hate so dearly my developing default trust in Apple, but there really is nothing quite like good well put together hardware and software. I’ve been on both peaks of the mountain. The grass on this side really is quite green. It’s OK to shoot for being the ‘Android’ of anything, but that speaks more to issues of self-confidence and quality than it does aspiration.
---1/31/24
This should be Twitter
Better heard than read 
It's silly to have to go back and do massive rewrites of text to speech audio dumps for topics that I could probably convey better when talked about casually lmao!

---2/4/24
Stop Selling me Shit
Genuine products only 
We have fallen into a trap of companies selling us shit that isn’t real. The business make no money, the products are good but unviable. Sell me the thing that can keep your company afloat, convince me THAT is good. Blitzscaling sucks! 

---2/6/24
It works
Holy shit
It’s already not perfect, and interior lens reflections are a tough pill to swallow, but wow you can actually compute with this thing. Interactions that were the dream of CGI demos just 4 days ago are real now. Wowowow

---2/8/24
First!
Has to be…
I’m pretty sure I am the first person to fill out for a new passport using the Vision Pro lol

---2/16/24
Hi Wargen
This is what the button does
I enjoy using buttons

---2/21/24
Dyn Progress
Agonizing 
I am for sure not following my own advice when it comes to building feature by feature. I have prototyped, debugged to near completion, then major refactored multiple times over at this point. Though with each iteration things feel more right. Hopefully a good sign!

---2/23/24
Found my way back 
New challenges 
Okay I think I caught up to where I was last week lol. My initial plan was to perform validation and rendering as a post tree creation process, but now each node is handling itself as the tree is being built. I will never make anything that will benefit from any kind of optimization tricks…but hopefully the JavaScript looks cooler?

---2/25/24
FIRST PERSON COMPUTER
i get it now…
If you THINK about it. A 3D operating system (((visionOS))) it’s actually just fuckin Windows/MacOS. You have a desktop view in both, windows that you keep open. Though it’s nothing special because we can only keep those on the SCREEN. The windows now just float around in 3D space. It’s like you are in a little bubble of computer. It’s actually kind of cracked. If only we had access to a real file system and tools like macOS. So you could do real things natively. Oh man that would be sweet.

---2/26/24
dynPages 1.1
Tinker Fast
I think it's fun once you get past the 'design' in the specific way that building new ideas becomes a much quicker process. It's like you've gained a position of tinker power. I realized needing to do Prop="variablePropName" is a boring way to handle value setting. Now using a much more sensable {{variablePropName}}. Less of that is good. Also changed the way that the content of a dyn is rendered,uses some of the javascript soup magic that I LOVE. Didn't save much code but hooopefully it has some room for new features. Also added a bit more logic to for loops, you can iterate a list in reverse and set the distance from the last element you want to hit. like length-5. Kinda fun!
---2/27/24
dynPages 1.2
Savant 
A resource can be ‘cached' by storing the source in a hash table, then all other requests for that resource draw from the table rather than fetching. In the event that the inital request is not done fetching any following requests will idle till the map’s value has been updated…is this smart or stupid lol?

---3/11/24
Match Results! 
Big days still to come
I love you Bita!!! Congrats on making it into residency, never a question! Now the next question will be answered this Friday…oh where did you match into? 

---3/12/24
dynPages 2.0?
Believe it or not…
After two weeks of toiling away, I think I was able to crack the problem I think! I need to do a fuck ton of clean up, but if the base is good then I will feel excited to hop back and build some new ideas laterrrrrr.

---3/14/24
Vision Pro Blog! 
Round Two…
Getting Siri Shortcuts up and running on this has been a breeze I THINK. Glad the iOS Git app I use is available on the Vision Pro…how cool is that ! I need to figure out a way how to attach images or videos to these blogs hehe.
